Generating B_bmsy values using R script
=====================
* Ultimate goal is to figure out how to do paralell processing.


Description
===========
the cmsy.R file should be sourced to generate b/bmsy data from catch data.

A few notes: 
* Code does not support the use of resilience as an r prior, so the default prior is used. This is how the code was run before.
* make sure that the years are sorted for each species before you run
* Also, we never actually used the geometric mean. It was always the arithmetic mean. I double checked this in the code. Not sure where that confusion came in, but in the WG Coilin had argued for the arithmetic mean over the geometric mean, so that's what we went with. I did modify the code for Hex to output the geometric mean and median so you guys could explore those options. You'll see that in the output as extra columns. I did not output the upper and lower CI bounds at this point and for the WG we are still using the arithmetic mean. One of Andy's concerns was that the B/Bmsy's were a bit 'pessimistic'...so using the geometric mean would likely result in lower B/Bmsys, so probably arithmetic mean is better?
*  NAs occurring after the first year of catch are replaced with 0s 
* 

R scripts involved
==================
* cmsy.R: file with modifications to finalbio variable from Kristin (Jul 20 2014).  This file will be sourced by other files to calculate b_bmsy
* B_bmsyDataTest.R is a test of the function to ensure that I get the same results as Kristin
* cmsy_mpi_ohi_v0_FinalBio2CT_uniformPrior2_OHIrun.R is the script from Kristin.  Should basically be the same as ours, but her's outputs some additional variables that we do not need.

Data involved
==================
cmsy.ohi.df_Jul292014.csv = b/bmsy data generated by Kristin using the new priors

Data generated
==================
original = constraints on finalbio prior
uniform = uniform constraints on finalbio prior
relaxed = relaxed constraints on finalbio prior