# Summary of resilience data

## MPAs 
Generated by functions.R and saved in layers.  Save a copy for each assessment in this location if LSP data is updated.

## UNFCCC Kyoto
Proportion of signatories: 192/195

## UNEP_gap_report
Effectiveness of emissions control:
The expected emissions in 2020 are going to be 59 Gt CO2.  In order to keep warming within 2 C (and progress towards 1.5 in 2100), emissions in 2020 should be 44 Gt CO2.  Based on various model averaged estimates (Climate Tracker and UNEP 2013), combining the effectiveness of the pledges with the likelihood that they will be met, the projected reduction is going to be 11Gt CO2 short of this commitment . So if we score effectiveness of Kyoto as: projected reduction/needed reduction to get to 2C we get = 4/15 = 0.267

0.267 represents actual progress towards emissions reduction, but including the signatory data values the fact that a protocol exists, even though countries are still not taking enough action.

## Marpol_pollution and BWM_aliens
Based on IMO conventions (see saved pdfs).

Answer: The Marpol is based on 'expert judgment' adopting the previously used scheme where, when you don't have an indicator to use for governance, you get 0.5 for having a regulation in place and 0.5*score for effectiveness. It was our intern that researched Marpol, I'll retrieve her notes and put them in the SOM.

Regarding alien invasives, the score was set at 0.5 because there is existing international regulation, this regulation however is still not in place, and there are place-holder rules that don't have as much teeth. In other words, it satisfies the 'is there a process in place' criterion, but scores a 0 on enforcement and effectiveness because the regulation is not yet active, at least as of 2014. These were Jen (the intern)'s notes:

Ballast Water:

### CCAMLR RESOLUTION 28/XXVII- in convention area
Resolution 3(2006) adopted by the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting, and Resolution MEPC.163(56) adopted by the International Maritime Organisation, which adopted Guidelines for Ballast Water Exchange in the Antarctic Treaty Area,

### IMO Convention not yet in force: 
http://www.imo.org/About/Conventions/ListOfConventions/Pages/International-Convention-for-the-Control-and-Management-of-Ships%27-Ballast-Water-and-Sediments-(BWM).aspx

## RFMO governance effectiveness
Effectiveness score for CCAMLR RFMO:  See ohiprep/HighSeas/HS_Resilience_v2014/RFMO

